Update README - Maoshanwang info (#978)
Zilliqa/Zilliqa: README.md

Zilliqa is a new blockchain platform capable of processing thousands of transactions per second with sharding built into it. With sharding, Zilliqa has the potential to match throughput benchmarks set by traditional payment methods (such as _VISA_ and _MasterCard_). More importantly, Zilliqa’s transaction throughput increases (roughly) linearly with its network size.

## _Mao shan wang_ public testnet

* [Block Explorer](https://explorer.zilliqa.com/)
* [API](https://api.zilliqa.com/)
* [Wallet](https://wallet.zilliqa.com/)
  
## _Mao shan wang_ small-scale testnet for developers

* [Block Explorer](https://explorer-scilla.zilliqa.com)
* [API](https://api-scilla.zilliqa.com/)

## Available features

The current release has the following features implemented:

* Single Ethash Proof of Work (PoW) for joining the network
* Network sharding
* Transaction sharding
* Directory Service Committee with Multiple-In, Multiple-Out (MIMO)
* pBFT Consensus for DS block (with sharding structure), Shard microblock, DS microblock, and Final block 
* [EC-Schnorr signature](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schnorr_signature)
* Data layer and accounts store

> * Look-up nodes to allow new nodes to join and dispatch transactions to correct shards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Lookup nodes to allow new nodes to join and dispatch transactions to correct shards
```
